Workable You 

1. Objectives
The objective of the project is to design the Workable You web application that will serve primarily as a niche recruitment application. Workable You will initially cater to skilled professional women who are currently working, but seeking more flexible work conditions and women who have dropped out of employment who are looking to return to work on flexible terms.  The application will also contain elements - a blog and chat forum - that will foster a sense of community (to differentiate it from its pure recruitment competitors). 

Specific Objectives of the Workable You Web Application
To help current and returning professional women find work that fits their current life stage.
To help employers source, hire, retain, and advance women who have excellent skills and expertise.
To cultivate a community of smart women who offer guidance and support to other like-minded professional women.
To actively support these women through coaching and development opportunities and providing them with the best possible advice for success through an established community of women.

Key Workable You application elements:
Jobs Listings, Job application processing
Events Listings
Forum
Blog
Career Advice (Career Advice and Case Studies - Testimonials, Volunteering, Mentoring, Health, Finances,
Relationship, Policy, Start up.)
Tools (CV support, Personal Branding, Up Skilling & Development, Returnship, Dress for Success)





Target Market
Current and returning professional women who are seeking work that fits their current life stage.
Returning professional women who are looking for support through development, coaching and sound advice.
Employers who are looking to source, hire, retain, and advance women who have excellent skills and expertise

Copyright Ronan Carton Jan 2013
